docs/modules/ROOT/pages/usage.adoc, before:

= Usage

You need to tell RuboCop to load the Rails extension. There are three
ways to do this:

== RuboCop configuration file

Put this into your `.rubocop.yml`.

[source,yaml]
----
require: rubocop-rails
----

Now you can run `rubocop` and it will automatically load the RuboCop Rails
cops together with the standard cops.

== Command line

[source,sh]
----
$ rubocop --require rubocop-rails
----

== Rake task

[source,ruby]
----
RuboCop::RakeTask.new do |task|
  task.requires << 'rubocop-rails'
end
----

== RuboCop Rails configuration

The following settings specific to RuboCop Rails can be configured in `.rubocop.yml`.

=== `AllCops: TargetRailsVersion`

What version of Rails is the inspected code using? If a value is specified
for `TargetRailsVersion` then it is used. Acceptable values are specified
as a float (e.g., 7.2); the patch version of Rails should not be included.

[source,yaml]
----
AllCops:
  TargetRailsVersion: 7.2
----

If `TargetRailsVersion` is not set, RuboCop will parse the Gemfile.lock or
gems.locked file to find the version of Rails that has been bound to the
application. If neither of those files exist, RuboCop will use Rails 5.0
as the default.

== Rails configuration tip

In Rails 6.1+, add the following `config.generators.after_generate` setting to
your `config/environments/development.rb` to apply RuboCop autocorrection to code generated by `bin/rails g`.

[source,ruby]
----
# config/environments/development.rb
Rails.application.configure do
  config.generators.after_generate do |files|
    parsable_files = files.filter { |file| file.end_with?('.rb') }
    unless parsable_files.empty?
      system("bundle exec rubocop -A --fail-level=E #{parsable_files.shelljoin}", exception: true)
    end
  end
end
----

It uses `rubocop -A` to apply `Style/FrozenStringLiteralComment` and other unsafe autocorrection cops.
`rubocop -A` is unsafe autocorrection, but code generated by default is simple and less likely to
be incompatible with `rubocop -A`. If you have problems you can replace it with `rubocop -a` instead.

In Rails 7.2+, it is recommended to use `config.generators.apply_rubocop_autocorrect_after_generate!` instead of the above setting:

[source,diff]
----
 # config/environments/development.rb
 Rails.application.configure do
   (snip)
   # Apply autocorrection by RuboCop to files generated by `bin/rails generate`.
-  # config.generators.apply_rubocop_autocorrect_after_generate!
+  config.generators.apply_rubocop_autocorrect_after_generate!
 end
----

You only need to uncomment.

Commit message:

Introduce `AllCops: MigratedSchemaVersion` config
This PR introduces `AllCops: MigratedSchemaVersion` config.

By specifying the `MigratedSchemaVersion` option, migration files that have already been run can be ignored.
When `MigratedSchemaVersion: '20241225000000'` is set, migration files lower than or equal to '20241225000000' will be ignored.
For example, to ignore db/migrate/20241225000000_create_articles.rb and earlier migrations you would configure it the following way:

```yaml
AllCops
  MigratedSchemaVersion: '20241225000000'
```

This prevents inspecting schema settings for already applied migration files.
Changing already applied migrations should be avoided because it can lead to the schema getting out of sync
between your local copy and what it actually is in production, depending on when `bin/rails db:migrate` was executed.
If you want to modify your schema to comply with the cops, you should instead create new migrations.

docs/modules/ROOT/pages/usage.adoc, after:

= Usage

You need to tell RuboCop to load the Rails extension. There are three
ways to do this:

== RuboCop configuration file

Put this into your `.rubocop.yml`.

[source,yaml]
----
require: rubocop-rails
----

Now you can run `rubocop` and it will automatically load the RuboCop Rails
cops together with the standard cops.

== Command line

[source,sh]
----
$ rubocop --require rubocop-rails
----

== Rake task

[source,ruby]
----
RuboCop::RakeTask.new do |task|
  task.requires << 'rubocop-rails'
end
----

== RuboCop Rails configuration

The following settings specific to RuboCop Rails can be configured in `.rubocop.yml`.

=== `AllCops: TargetRailsVersion`

What version of Rails is the inspected code using? If a value is specified
for `TargetRailsVersion` then it is used. Acceptable values are specified
as a float (e.g., 7.2); the patch version of Rails should not be included.

[source,yaml]
----
AllCops:
  TargetRailsVersion: 7.2
----

If `TargetRailsVersion` is not set, RuboCop will parse the Gemfile.lock or
gems.locked file to find the version of Rails that has been bound to the
application. If neither of those files exist, RuboCop will use Rails 5.0
as the default.

=== `AllCops: MigratedSchemaVersion`

By specifying the `MigratedSchemaVersion` option, migration files that have already been run can be ignored.
When `MigratedSchemaVersion: '20241225000000'` is set, migration files lower than or equal to '20241225000000' will be ignored.
For example, to ignore db/migrate/20241225000000_create_articles.rb and earlier migrations you would configure it the following way:

[source,yaml]
----
AllCops
  MigratedSchemaVersion: '20241225000000'
----

This prevents inspecting schema settings for already applied migration files.
Changing already applied migrations should be avoided because it can lead to the schema getting out of sync
between your local copy and what it actually is in production, depending on when `bin/rails db:migrate` was executed.
If you want to modify your schema to comply with the cops, you should instead create new migrations.

== Rails configuration tip

In Rails 6.1+, add the following `config.generators.after_generate` setting to
your `config/environments/development.rb` to apply RuboCop autocorrection to code generated by `bin/rails g`.

[source,ruby]
----
# config/environments/development.rb
Rails.application.configure do
  config.generators.after_generate do |files|
    parsable_files = files.filter { |file| file.end_with?('.rb') }
    unless parsable_files.empty?
      system("bundle exec rubocop -A --fail-level=E #{parsable_files.shelljoin}", exception: true)
    end
  end
end
----

It uses `rubocop -A` to apply `Style/FrozenStringLiteralComment` and other unsafe autocorrection cops.
`rubocop -A` is unsafe autocorrection, but code generated by default is simple and less likely to
be incompatible with `rubocop -A`. If you have problems you can replace it with `rubocop -a` instead.

In Rails 7.2+, it is recommended to use `config.generators.apply_rubocop_autocorrect_after_generate!` instead of the above setting:

[source,diff]
----
 # config/environments/development.rb
 Rails.application.configure do
   (snip)
   # Apply autocorrection by RuboCop to files generated by `bin/rails generate`.
-  # config.generators.apply_rubocop_autocorrect_after_generate!
+  config.generators.apply_rubocop_autocorrect_after_generate!
 end
----

You only need to uncomment.
